Add more changes to upgrade guides: masks, panel configuration, action namespaces, action function calls (#7416)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/panels/docs/14-upgrade-guide.md

Most configuration transfer is very self-explanatory, but if you get stuck please refer to the [configuration documentation](configuration).

> For configuration done via `Filament::serving` (for theme customisation, navigation groups, user menu items, etc), this will need to be ported to the new panel provider. Consult the [Configuration](https://filamentphp.com/docs/3.x/panels/configuration), [Navigation](https://filamentphp.com/docs/3.x/panels/navigation) and [Themes](https://filamentphp.com/docs/3.x/panels/themes) documentation for the new syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will especially affect configuration done via the `Filament::serving()` method, which was used for theme customization, navigation and menu registration. Consult the [configuration](configuration), [navigation](navigation) and [themes](themes) documentation sections.
```
